# Corrine Catibayan At Work README And JSON File

>This is an attempt to create the future of exposition creation
      
[Click evidence that we got the nod of curators. Number 26 in the list](https://hive.blog/hive-118155/@hivehealth/the-daily-good-read-list-20221024)

# Corrine Catibayan At Work

        It is best to always add creativity to a seemingly boring yet
lengthy rhetoric, monologue, rant, and composition. What if we report or
write about the reportage, light documentary and voice over sessions of
field reporters? Research (painstaking) is somehow the prevailing
definiens of what I am about to do right now but then again what is
boring if it is not even half as exciting (what). The fun, excitement,
thrill and joy in discourses lie in the experimentation, exploration and
attention to certain details. Corrine Catibayan is one of the youngest
in the most recent batch of perfectly desperate journalists whom is
hoping to get the most out of the infinite loop of apprenticeship
programs of media entities in the Philippines. Is she going to get a
shot at the top of the most vicious ladder of all or is she going to
succumb to enormous amount of pressure like the rest of the onion
skinned Generation Z.

        Right now I am a slave whom has been keeping tabs of Corrine
Catibayan's ability to structure non-fictional stories  and check if she
will fumble at every turn. If she succeeds in making me shut my trap
forever and ever then well and good.

        The year is  2022 Anno Domini and the subject is Corrine
Catibayan. Her body of work could somehow prove to her detractors
(myself included) that she is worth it. Is  she going to become a
maverick or just another  product of the assembly line? Is she going to
become a veritable trail blazer or a veritable failure of human society?
I have listed some of her most recent expositions for reader's
consumption. I ignored a lot her earlier reportage and there is no
excuse for my shortcomings and missteps but fair is fair I am but a
sleepy  simpleton whom is trying to be objective and impartial every
step of the way.

1. Date of Airing: At least before Chinese New Year. Primetime.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Lucky Charms.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: It describes our yearly fascination with Chinese
made lucky charms. She interviewed some alleged attendant or owner among
others.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

2. Date of Airing: From beginning of the year through the month of April
at least.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 90 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Various subject, mostly about Live Teleprompter
Scenario/Milieu.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: The death count and everything that will appeal to
the senses of the masses.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out 10.

Reader of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan.

3. Date of Airing: Fom beginning of the year through the month of April
at least.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Reporatage: Mostly about fires breaking out, in certain areas
of the Philippines.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: Fires are aplenty. The cause remains unknown.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 8 out 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

4. Date of Airing: This happened around May perhaps. Morning.

Is it Live: Null.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Transport Network Vehicle Service.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: She interviewed some people during the course of
this report which is good as most of these young people nowadays are
phabbing most of the time and prefers to disengage with their fellow
human beings.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

5. Date of Airing: Around early part of the month of June. Early
Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Trucking Freight Charges.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: The "department" did not pursue this but this is
Corrine Catibayan's finest moment (hour). She mentioned the actual cost
of trucking to be around 15,000 up to 17,000 pesos.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

6. Date of Airing: Around early part of the month of June, I think.
Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage:

Subject of Reportage: Parola Compound again.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: A fire broke out yet again at the Parola compound
but this time around they have a different excuse. The electrical wires
is what they are pointing out. I say, I sense pot session. The
interviewee is one of those resilient resident of the compound.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

7. Date of Airing: Middle of June, I assume. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: PDEA operation.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: A buy bust operation in some forsaken place
wherein some of the alleged junkies and drug stockists where allegedly
arrested.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

8. Date of Airing: June 10, 2022. Evening.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting along EDSA.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: They (the crew) positioned themselves on an
overpass. The "department" is pushing their slant.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

9. Date of Airing: Somewhere around the month of June. Morning.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage:

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting in the City of Manila.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: Man in the street interviews about the reopening
of the Dolomite sand beach in Manila.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

10. Date of Airing: Somewhere in the Month of June. Latter part of the
morning .

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Null.

Duration of Reportage: 90 seconds.

Subject of Local News Aggregator: Fire.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Local News Aggregator: She described that fires broke out in
three different but critical spots in the Philippines.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 9 out of 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan.

11. Date of Airing: June 22, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live situation report.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: It is all about the up in arms reaction of truck
drivers about their trucks being banned from using Metropolitan Manila's
flyovers.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

12. Date of Airing: June 22, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of News Aggregator: Death of a  Baranggay Official, Death by
Lightning Strike, Tornado Spotted.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of News Aggregator: A kagawad was killed while riding his
electric bike. A boy and a water buffalo was killed after being hit by
lightning. Formation of a tornado was allegedly witnessed by many and
recorded on camera in Cavite.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 9 out 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan.

13. Date of Airing: June 23, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Local News Aggregator: Drowning, Ferry Incident.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Local News Aggregator: A kid drowned while taking a swim. A
ferry boat (RORO) figured in an unfortunate incident. It capsized as
allegedly evidenced by a video.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 8 out of 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan.

14. Date of Airing: June 24, 2022. Morning. Noon (2nd airing) .

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of International News Aggregator: Various.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of International News Aggregator: One of the alleged protesters
in Ecuador was "allegedly" hit in the face by tear gas canister. An
apparent subway incident caught by a body camera of a police in New
Jersey subway. A lady allegedly fell from the subway train platform and
into the railway. The reason cited is that she fell due to some
description  included in one of handbooks created for the Medical
Industry.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 9 out of 10.

Reader of Translated International News: Corrine Catibayan.

15. Date of Airing: June 24, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting in Valenzuela City.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: Dengue cleanup drive initiated by 33 Baranggays in
Valenzuela City.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 9 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

16. Date of Airing: June 28, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Tuesday.

Duration of Reportage: 200 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Online Scams.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: A very light documentary that revolves around
deception and being on the receiving end of it. She featured two very
willing respondents. I said willing since this is all about their
humiliation.  Surprisingly, she was able to secure a face to face
interview even though a topic of this kind is being discussed for all
the world to see. Figures were presented as usual but the scope is too
big for a very short documentary. This exposition tackled love and
investment scam at the same time.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

17. Date of Airing: June 30, 2022. Morning. Day of the Presidential
Inauguration.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 160 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting at Pasay Taft.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: The proper (not improper) authorities were
allegedly checking to make sure that everything will go smoothly and no
untoward incident will take place at the venue of the inauguration.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

18. Date of Airing: June 30, 2022 Morning. Day of the Presidential
Inauguration.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: The Presidential Inaugural Tradition.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: The so-called tradition  when it comes to the
official transfer of power from the outgoing through the incoming. The
alleged tradition starts from the courtesy call through the witnessing
of the portraits of old and new Servants at the the so-called Palace of
the new president.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

19. Date of Airing: July 6, 2022. Evening.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Private Miracles and Revelations.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: It focuses on the allegedly miraculous image of a
young Jesus Christ also known as Santo Nino. The owner of the icon is
claiming that she can forecast the day of your pregnancy. This is about
the central thesis of St. Thomas Aquinas which somehow states that most
of the time rebellious Angels are in the middle of all this aberration
although this was not discussed. The one whom is claiming that the icon
in question is miraculous is also the present owner. The theological
source was also tapped to explain their position on this matter. The
theological source is simply relaying to the faithful that they are
relying on science to verify the claims of the icon owner and at the
same time it will be utilized in confirming the authenticity of the
private miracles and revelations.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

20. Date of Airing: July 7, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 200 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: It is okay not to be okay.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: The exposition is suppose to be aired the day
before but due to time constraints or shall I say deliberately
miscalculated circumstances it took atleast 24 hours to be aired
finally. It is about Mental Health. The medical martial law following
the three year cosplay event exacerbated the whole thing. She gathered
that out of more than 3,000 calls made by anonymous callers in some
helpline about 800 were from people who are contemplating suicide as the
easiest path out of their real world maladjustment.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

21. Date of Airing: July 8, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 240 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: It is okay not to be okay 2. University of the
Philippines, Quezon City.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: This one is also suppose to aired a day before but
you know the rest. Her whole emphasis is based on the study made at
University of Toledo about how animal patting and petting reduces the
amount of chemical compound called Cortisol in our blood and at the same
time the chemical compound Oxytocin is raised during the whole process.
The UP crowd called the special dogs as Emotional Support Animals. Those
dogs were almost able to trip her aground. The feeling of being stressed
out while in the process of finishing a thesis as mentioned by one of
the respondents is somewhat cured by these animals.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

22. Date of Airing: July 8, 2022. Evening.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Cashier in pain.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: The cashier is suffering from ringing of ears,
headaches, and host of other recurring symptoms due to Temporo
Mandibular Joint (TMJ) disease/disorder. Specialist doctors are having a
tug of war as to who can really "treat or heal" her better. One of them
is an Orthodontist. The other is a Neurologist. Finally, she needs a
surgeon. The cashier is confused and in pain but there is no immediate
solution in sight. The cashier whom is also a mother and a wife is the
most resilient person of the moment.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

23. Date of Airing: July 13, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: An alleged "junkie" in a bus.

Did she fumble:

Content of Reportage: A man allegedly caused quite a disturbance in a
bus that runs along the route which is labeled as EDSA Bus Carousel. It
was immediately discovered that he is "allegedly" carrying deadly
weapons including an improvised gun.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

24. Date of Airing: July 13, 2022. Early Morning (First Airing).
Morning. (Second Airing recorded).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting at EDSA Bus Way Gat Andres
Bonifacio Monument Station.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: The so called Vaccine Hesitancy Name Calling
Expedition was brought up yet again by the "department". All of those
who were interviewed at the Andres Bonifacio Monument were fully
vaccinated but still she labeled them as "hesitant". She also said that
she felt the hesitancy of almost all the respondent whom she interviewed
but the caption in the screen was about the dissenting opinion that the
booster shot is important.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

25. Date of Airing: July 13, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of News Aggregator: Various.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of News Aggregator: Flooding in some parts of the country. A
baby was thrown like trash in the stream.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 8 out of 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan.

26. Date of Airing: July 14, 2022. Morning (from 7:35 am to 7:39 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Actual report at Obando, Bulacan.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: Parts of Bulacan is under knee deep flood as
combination of cyclical tides, continuous rains, and hampered dike
repairs created a non-receding water world. She interviewed atleast
three man on the wet street as her source and actual footage as evidence
for her reportage. The second  round of morning news was forced to go on
overtime to accommodate this actual location reportage.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

27. Date of Airing: July 15, 2022. Early Morning. (First Airing).
Morning. Second Airing).

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage:

Subject of News Aggregator: Various.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of News Aggregator:  A team building and merry making activity
is turned suddenly by some lethargic witnesses into a very tragic day as
a staff of a politician was ignored by at least three people who were in
the same  pool a few feet away from him. His co-workers were not even
around to help him. The lethargic crowd is deadly indeed. Life guards
failed to revive the victim. The owner of the resort on the other hand
mentioned financial assistance as a form of solution to the mishap. A
man allegedly stabbed two men with a knife who were allegedly found out
to be siblings. The victims of the supposed knife stabbing died. The
alleged culprit shall be charged under the title of multiple counts of
murder.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan.

28. Date of Airing: July 15, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Actual report at Kamuning Market in Quezon City.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: The price of the famous staple food of the
Filipino people which is rice (surprised) if I am not mistaken is
projected by the Main Street to rise at a rate of 2 pesos per kilogram.
Thanks to Corrine you will get this front row seat and a chance to
witness the rice vendors and their once in a lifetime opportunity to
finally get a chance to recite what the legacy media has been feeding
them since they were little toddlers. The price has risen due to rising
fuel cost and a plethora of excuses to make it somewhat palatable and
acceptable.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

29. Date of Airing: July 17, 2022. Evening. (from 5:39 pm to 5:41 pm).

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Sunday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Road Collision.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: A rampaging bus reportedly sped through a  total
of 10 concrete barriers. The bus driver in question was said to be
unaware and he is claiming that the barriers was somewhat misplaced. The
allegedly misplaced barriers initiated a chain of events which startled
him in the process. Some of the passengers of the said bus were
allegedly injured. One of the male passenger/witness made a very
educated guess as he accused the driver in front of the camera of dozing
off while driving. The driver of the bus in question made a contrasting
yet convincing argument as to why it all happened as he decided to blame
the concrete barriers meaning he wants all of us to think that he is the
victim.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

30. Date of Airing: July 20, 2022. Morning.

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: EDSA Bus way angle encore. Live reportage.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: Exploring another agenda at the EDSA Bus way as a
survey was conducted regarding the growing resentment of the riding
public. A survey was conducted last month involving a hundred
respondents and it allegedly was conducted in a span of two days.
According to the survey conducted by some entity about 79% of the
respondents think that it is taking too long a time to get the services
of the so called mass transport system. As usual respondents were
documented on camera with their supposed opinions.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

31. Date of Airing: July 21, 2022. Early Morning. (First Airing).
Morning. (2nd airing).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live on location reporting. San Miguel, Bulacan.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage:  An innocent looking  intervention led to a tragic
end as three members of a simple family (including a mother) met their
tragic end at the humble town out of nowhere. They hailed the services
of a humble tricycle driver whom instinctively responded to an incoming
pick up truck by steering away from this immediate trouble only to
intersect his fate and his passengers with that of a delivery jeepney.
The surviving members of the family is said to be contemplating on suing
the delivery jeepney driver. The lives of a simple yet "happy" family
was very much normal before this avoidable tragedy happened.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

32. Date of Airing: July 23, 2022. Afternoon (from 5:40 to 5:43 pm) .

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Saturday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Buy bust operation.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Reportage: A follow up buy bust operation was allegedly
conducted by the proper (not improper) authorities. The target was
arrested in Leongson Street, San Roque, Navotas City. He was arrested
allegedly for bulk selling Cannabis. Allegedly he was immediately
apprehended while in possession of Cannabis with alleged street value of
132,000 pesos. Armando Roque allegedly is the name of the Drug Stockist.
He is said to be facing charges as per the recommendation of the proper
(not improper) authorities accordingly and allegedly.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

33. Date of Airing: July 26, 2022. Morning. (from 11:23 am to 11:25 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Tuesday.

Duration of Reportage: 90 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live Teleprompter Scenario/Milieu. ICU, Health
Care Utilization Rate and the tale of two LPAs.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: The alleged sudden spike in the health care
utilization rate in different parts of the country. In Lucena, Quezon it
is said that the health care utilization rate rose to 50%. This is the
benchmark for the all their data for the said day. (Three hours later it
allegedly rose to 60%). The Low Pressure Areas are affecting our weather
systems in the Philippine Area of Responsibility although one of the
alleged weather disturbance is expected to move northward.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 9 out of 10.

Reader of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan.

34. Date of Airing: July 27, 2022. Late in the evening. (from 11:10 pm
to 11:13 pm).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 240 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live situation report about an ongoing rescue
operation at Dasmariñas, Cavite .

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: At the very start of broadcast it was reported
that the official death toll in the "dilapidated bridge tragedy" was 6.
During the live reporting the lifeless body of one of the victims of the
tragedy in Cavite was recovered. The identity of the recovered remains
was not available during the live airing. The death count was
immediately edited to 7 as the authorities allegedly verified the said
update. Police Major Joseph Ulfindo ( Chief Public Information Officer,
Cavite Provincial Police ) mentioned off camera that it was a "Japanese"
old bridge as described by the residents. It was officially condemned by
the authorities as evidenced by their constant reminders to the juvenile
stowaways and bystanders that they are worried about their safety as the
stowaways are always converging on the condemned bridge.  They find it
inconvenient to lookout for the safety of the kids for a total of 24
hours a day, everyday. The tragedy occurred at around 9:00 pm yesterday
as the slumbering residents were disturbed by a very loud sound.
Thirteen of the residents converged in the area of Sitio Talisayan San
Palkor Dasmariñas Cavite, mostly minors. Most of them sat on the bridge
before the collapse of the same. Almost all of those inside the bridge
fell into the river after the collapse. Three of the alleged survivors
featured in the broadcast tried to recall their experiences after the
incident and their names are Jenny Rose, Danica Uy and Lester Neri (16).
They are 3 of the 5 survivors of the said incident. Most of them claimed
that they were "saved" by certain favorable conditions during their near
death experience. One of those who died was identified as John Michael
Beltran (17).  John was documented by the "department" to have been
escorted by his relatives to a Coroner nearby their area. Edgardo Alfon
claimed that the bridge immediately slid down into the stream which made
it difficult for the minors inside to find a way to save themselves, he
is by the way the uncle of one of the victims. The authorities created a
temporary dike to divert the flow of the stream going through the area
of the incident where the rescuers are doing their hazardous thing.
Tight security is being implemented as they have decided to cordon the
area to bar unauthorized personnel (excluding media, politicians) from
hampering the rescue efforts. Mayor Jennifer Arriaga inspected the area.
One of the victims remains to be a subject of the search and recovery
efforts. Rescuers are extending their search for atleast 24 hours to
hopefully increase the chance of finding the last apparent victim of the
non-living bridge.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

35. Date of Airing: July 28, 2022. Morning. (from 7:22 am to 7:24 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live situation report about an ongoing rescue
operation at Dasmariñas, Cavite  Part 2.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: A single candlelight is all alone in reminding us
of the most realistic end game near the collapse bridge which allegedly
claimed the lives of seven young and energetic lives in one go. One of
the victims of the alleged tragedy is still allegedly missing as of the
time of reporting. A local government official appeared in scene to
appease the rescuers, media and the aggrieved parties.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

36. Date of Airing: July 29, 2022. Morning (from 7:23 am to 7:24 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Friday.

Duration of Reportage: 120 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting at Commonwealth High School in
Quezon City.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: Preparations for the opening of the school year
2022 through 2023 are well underway. There are three modes available for
parents or guardians of new enrollee. The in-person, clear net , and
drop box modes were said to be put in place due to CONrona cosplay
event. They are encouraging guardians to use the clear net (online)
mode. According to the security guards (very credible source) only those
parent or guardian whom are obligated to pass certain school
requirements for the enrollment of their precious progeny are said to be
appearing through the in-person mode while all others are somehow smart
enough to avoid the inconvenience of facing "important" school
personnel. It appears as if they are reserving it for later. The School
Brigade (Brigada Eskwela) is back in action. This is the information
dissemination drive of the schools under the public sector bureaucracy.
It is also the preparatory ceremony to keep the spirit of parent,
teacher, student, and bureaucracy alive in the hearts and minds of the
all the stakeholders in the assembly line. It is suppose to start on
August 1, 2022 through August 26, 2022 as the country is finally gearing
for something exciting (boring) such as the opening and reopening of the
assembly line of new and recycled "drones" . The Oplan Comeback (Oplan
Balik Eskwela) is the duplication of the School Brigade but the emphasis
is more on their simple version of debriefing, orienting  and
reorienting the students in the matter of seeing more flesh, blood and
bones in real life. They are the students whom were programmed  to get
use to the distance learning program as it is the only mode of learning
during the CONrona cosplay event which lasted for almost three years.
Oplan Comeback is on August 15. Enrollment is up to August 22 which is
coincidentally the first day of the new school year. By November 2, 2022
(All Soul's Day) the full implementation of face to face classes is
expected to finally come to fruition.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

37. Date of Airing: August 2, 2022. Morning. (from 11:19 am to 11:20
am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Tuesday

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live Teleprompter Scenario/Milieu. ICU utilization
rate and the weather.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: The ICU utilization rate in Capiz rose to 70%,
there is also a significant increase in other parts of the county. The
weather on other hand is under the effects of the Southwest Monsoon.
Parts of the country is expecting thunderstorms in  few hours or so.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Reader of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan.

38. Date of Airing: August 3, 2022. Morning (from 7:18 am to 7:21 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Wednesday.

Duration of Reportage: 200 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live reporting at Redemptorist Church Baclaran,
Parañaque City.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: There is something in the air near the vicinity of
the so called Baclaran Church. The air of excitement emanating from the
solemnized existence of the first Wednesday of the month of August is
overpowering the senses of regular disciples of this church. It is a
couple of minutes past Three of the clock in the morning. Amidst the
restrictions and hanging fear at the back of their heads, people are
slowly converging inside the famous church of Our Lady of Perpetual
Help. For a certain respondent who goes by the name Narciso he does not
mind if a major portion of his life is spent inside the church for he is
recharging his proverbial batteries through prayer, sacrifice, charity,
mercy, meditation, faith and host of other intangible source of divine
grace to allow him to get through the daily grind of stressful workdays.
He confessed that he is asking for assistance from higher power to allow
him to financially contribute to the Curriculum Vitae crafting,
structuring and  upgrading of his progenies as they try to finish their
down the line moments in "school." Business activities on the other hand
including that of Garland, Street food, and Rosary vendors are relying
heavily on the divine oriented excitement as the disciples are coming in
minute drizzle so to speak. Jocelyn Agbayani candidly said that she came
rushing (in) at the eleventh hour into the church proper to assist
(listed as Catholic obligation) in the very first mass of the very first
Wednesday of the month. Yoli Posay whom is one of the featured
respondent, manifested on camera that she is fearful of the unseen
elements. She stressed her huge disbelief in the behavior of her fellow
lax devotees as she assume that health etiquettes are being ignored
deliberately by a huge majority of the caught unawares. They
(respondent/devotee) came from all walks of life so to speak but they
are unanimous including that of Efren Grimaldo when it comes to their
partiality to their not so hidden list of divine petitions. They are
asking that the WHO declaration will be completely reversed with regards
to some weird infection, hive mentality (forcing kumbaya) will prevail,
condition of their bodily system will go unscathed, and their nearly
dead means of livelihood will be spared from the dreadfully anticipated
perpetual disruptions of "non-essential" activities in the near future.
At the time of reporting the second scheduled mass for that specific day
has just started.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

39. Date of Airing: August 4, 2022. Morning. (from 7:02 am to 7:04 am).
Morning (Second Airing from 11:47 am to 11:49 am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 180 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live report. Back to school basics. Divisoria,
City of Manila.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: After years of reluctance to reboot the classroom
style of teaching and learning, the switch is finally turned on again to
stimulate the atrophied senses of public school students as they
transition from one cosplay event to another which is now dubbed as the
comeback (to school) cosplay event. Costume role playing school
uniforms, bags and black leather shoes are the graphically classic items
at the Divisoria Plea Market District. Corrine's grocery cart checklist
is a note full of the current price range for these blandly designed
cosplay items. She checked a total of three items. Check. Check. Check.
The broad items under the uniform category namely Polo, Blouse, Long
Pants, and Skirts is priced above the 199 pesos level. Small sized
version of the items is about 200 pesos (less than 4 US Dollars) .
Medium sized version of the uniform is priced at 220 pesos(4 US
Dollars). Large sized version of the same is marked at about 240 pesos
(4 US Dollars). The extra large edition on the other hand is pegged at
around 260 pesos (4 US Dollars). Next on this regular list is the black
leather shoes. The small ones (size 24 through 29) are worth 150 pesos
(less than 3 US Dollars). Medium sized (size 30 through 35) shoes are
worth 180 pesos ( less than 3 US Dollars). Large (size 36 through 40)
shoes are worth 180 through 230 pesos while the Extra large (size 41
through 45) ones are worth 250 pesos. The heeled shoes are worth 200
pesos. The school type bags (last but not the least) on the other hand
are worth 150 through 250 pesos. Jerielyn Tamayo timidly confessed that
she adjusted her markup based on the present price of her inventory.
Eileen Gunong exclaimed that buying enthusiasm is still low although she
noticed a spike in purchasing moments during the weekend and Sunday's
which is a boon for stockists. The best quality school uniforms is
somewhat forever present at Divisoria so always haggle for your bang for
a buck chance of a lifetime.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Creator of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan and People behind the scenes.

40. Date of Airing: August 4, 2022. Morning (from 11:51 am to 11:53 am).

Is it Live: False.

Day of the Week: Thursday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Local News Aggregator: Various.

Did she fumble: Null.

Content of Local News Aggregator: A man trapped and killed by a
landslide event. Three Copra farmers were killed in San Andres. Motive
is still unknown. A vehicle and passengers fell into a ravine in Tabuk,
Kalinga.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 8 out of 10.

Reader of Repackaged News: Corrine Catibayan

41. Date of Airing: August 6, 2022. Evening. (from 7:57 pm to 7:59 pm).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Saturday.

Duration of Reportage: 87 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live Teleprompter Scenario/Milieu. Various.

Did she fumble: False.

Content of Reportage: Our reservoirs are in trouble? The dams will
either get more rain water or not.  The cases of infection is atleast
3,179 for this edition of virus swab test metrics tonight.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Reader of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan.

42. Date of Airing: August 9, 2022. Morning. (from 11:20 am to 11:22
am).

Is it Live: True.

Day of the Week: Tuesday.

Duration of Reportage: 100 seconds.

Subject of Reportage: Live Teleprompter Scenario/Milieu. Remains of a
former president was laid to rest.

Did she fumble: True.

Content of Reportage: The ritual before the final journey of the remains
of the former president was described in algorithmic form. It starts
with the blessing of the urn with his ashes. By the way he is
Protestant. Do not expect a Catholic Mass. First batch of military
salute is next. The 21 gun salute comes after the first batch of salute.
The favorite musical tunes which is the final request of the deceased
will be played as well. The Urn will be ceremonially turned over to the
widow (Amelita) of the former president along with the folded funeral
flag. Then the final part is the burial of the deceased beside the
second president of the fourth republic.

Qualitative Rating: Best.

Quantitative Rating: 10 out of 10.

Reader of Reportage: Corrine Catibayan.
